2025 GC Election Blog Post (#7859)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2025/gc-elections.md

---
title: Announcing the 2025 OpenTelemetry Governance Committee Election
linkTitle: 2025 GC Election

> date: 2025-09-25

Reviewer: It looks like the `community` PR has been merged, so let us know when you'd like to merge this post!

```suggestion
date: 2025-09-26
```

author: OpenTelemetry Governance Committee
---

The OpenTelemetry project is excited to announce the 2025 OpenTelemetry

> Governance Committee (GC) election. Nominations are due by 17 October 2024 23:59

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Governance Committee (GC) election. Nominations are due by 17 October 2025 23:59
```

UTC. The list of eligible candidates will be shared on 20 October 2025. Voting

> will take place between 29 October 2024 00:00 UTC and 29 October 2025 end of day,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will take place between 27 October 2025 00:00 UTC and 29 October 2025 end of day,
```

and the final election results will be announced 31 October 2025.

## Vote!

If you are a
[member of standing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/governance-charter.md#members-of-standing)
in the OpenTelemetry community, we invite you to participate with your vote in
this election to ensure that the community is well-represented in the Governance
Committee. In this election four people must be elected, each with two-year
terms.

If you have made contributions to our ecosystem not measured by the automatic
process, you can [request an exception](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeSA09xDIv0uyb6vrP8xBbLjm8NsgihrG8GHxacbigF17sNDw/viewform?usp=dialog) to
participate in the election before 23:59 UTC on 24 October 2025. The voter roll

> with all members of standing and approved exceptions will be published shortly,

Author: ```suggestion
with all members of standing and approved exceptions is available [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/elections/2025/voters-roll.csv),
```

and approved exceptions will be added continuously.

Voting will be open between 27 October 2025 00:00 UTC and 29 October 2025 23:59

> in the International Date Line West timezone on

Reviewer 2: International Date Line West timezone?

Reviewer 3: The idea is to finish on 29 October end of day, [Anywhere on Earth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).

Reviewer 4: It looks good! 😄
